Command Line Basics lesson: Fix typo (#25920)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/installations/command_line_basics.md

- **macOS**: Open your Applications > Utilities folder and find "Terminal". You can also use Spotlight search to open Terminal. Press <kbd>Cmd</kbd> + <kbd>Space</kbd> to open Spotlight, and search for "Terminal". Press <kbd>Enter</kbd> to open it.

> The window that opens will be blank with text that varies based on your operating system.  On linux and older Macs the line will end with `$` and on newer Macs the line will end with `%`.  This symbol called the prompt indicates that the terminal is waiting for you to enter a command. Lets try that now, type `whoami` and press <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The window that opens will be mostly blank, with the exception of some text that will vary based on your operating system.  On Linux and older Macs the line will end with `$` and on newer Macs the line will end with `%`.  This symbol - called the prompt - indicates that the terminal is waiting for you to enter a command. Lets try that now. Type `whoami` and press <kbd>Enter</kbd>.
```

Author: I think the suggestion is good.
